## Reading Joggers AGM  7.30pm April 10th 2019 

The AGM was held at the Mansion House Prospect Park and was well attended with a full room. 

The Club Captain James ran the meeting in the absence of Simon the departing club chair. Simon sent a message thanking the committee for their service and emphasising that he will continue to support the club as an active member. 

### Achievements

James detailed the club achievements over the last year, including:
* Running the Round Reading Relay
* Multiple teams entered in Endure 24
* A full season of Summer and Winter handicaps (thanks to Arthur for continuing to run and support these)
* Thursday coaching sessions (thanks again Arthur) 
* Various Socials
* Various Special runs e.g. out and backs, egg races, treasure hunt 

### Accounts

Laura (departing treasurer) distributed accounts showing that the club finances were healthy and that a small surplus was produced in 2018-19. 

### Committee

A number of committee members stood down or changed roles and were thanked for their service by those present. 

The new/returning committee were elected and consist of the following:

* Jayne Woodhouse- Chair
* Vyv James- Treasurer*
* Michael Goff- Secretary
* Kirsty Moulsley- Membership Secretary
* James Greaves- Club Captain
* Gina Hopkins and Dafni Athini-Barter- Social secretaries
* Max Se- Kit
* Sonia Majchrzak- Committee member 

*Although Vyv was elected at the meeting he has since stood down due to other commitments, the vacancy will be advertised via facebook and email to members shortly 

### Discussion/AOB

A useful discussion was had on a number of issues and these are summarised below. 

* Questionnaire – The new committee will send out a questionnaire as soon as possible to gain feedback on members thoughts about the club, the aim will be to seek guidance to ensure that the club continues to be run to maximise benefit to the membership both existing and future. It will cover the other AOB points below. 
* Footprint – The existing Footprint ezine has become somewhat dormant for various reasons, the view of the room was that this should continue but some thought needs to be given to format. 
* Venue for Tuesday nights– Should the club move venue e.g. to Tilehurst, and if so where?. It was pointed out that the club originally moved from Meadway to Beansheaf due to the Meadway venue not meeting the clubs needs. It was also pointed out that a lot of the obvious choices in Tilehurst are likely fully booked and/or expensive, however if it was decided that an actual room wasn’t required, the options increase greatly.  
* RJ race – Should the club organise its own race, either members only or open to the public? There was a general view that this should be looked into and some routes (e.g. Mortimer woods) were suggested, however Arthur pointed out the likely substantial cost and logistical implications especially if road closures were required e.g. Bramley costs Reading Road Runners £50K to run. 
* Leaders on Tuesday nights – It was felt that the Tuesday night leader system could use some improvement and views will be sought in the questionnaire. Key points were ensuring that new members are welcomed into a group matching their ability and trying to promote mobility between the different running speeds.
* RJ Championship – While popular, it was felt some change was required, for example a wider selection of eligible races. Again views will be sought in the questionnaire. 

#### Close

James closed the meeting and the room adjourned to the bar.

### Note to membership

If you have any questions/topics/suggestions for the questionnaire please email info@readingjoggers.org